Create ui-c8y-1021-22-35-add-messages-for-texts-of-events-sent-by-the-cumulocity-data.md (#2931)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-22-35-add-messages-for-texts-of-events-sent-by-the-cumulocity-data.md

---
date: ""

> title: Add messages for texts of events sent by the Cumulocity DataHub microservice. [GRAFT][release/y2025] (#8296)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Added messages for events sent by the DataHub microservice
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62551
version: 1021.22.35
---

> Add messages for texts of events sent by the Cumulocity DataHub microservice. [GRAFT][release/y2025] (#8296)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recently, {{< product-c8y-iot >}} DataHub was updated to send events to the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform in case an offloading or compaction job finishes. Therefore, new messages for the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} platform were introduced to translate these events.
```
